Welcome back in this lecture we're going to go through an example solution for the exercise.
Keep in mind there's lots of different ways you could approach this project as long as you get some
similar result for your web application.
You're fine.
Let's shift to text editor and walk through our solution.
All right let's begin by saying from flask import flask and then from flask import request then we're
going to create our application by saying opposite with the flask and passen that built in name variable.
And we have two views here one is for my main index page.
So let's just start by saying app routes and this is just going to go to the next page just a single
forward slash index and we're just going to return go to a puppy underscore named last name and see
the result.
And obviously you could freely say whatever you want here and let's make this into a better one.
By using these little tags these page html tags the forward slash there and then at the very end.
And one more forward slash H-1.
Right so we have our home page.
Now comes the more interesting page of the actual puppy light and page
here are going to say forward slash puppy underscore name forward slash and then we're taking in a variable.
So need to wrap it around this greater than and less than sign.
And then here we're going to call this puppy Latin function and we're going to take in that name that's
passed then and we're essentially going to manipulate it.
And then we're going to return certain things depending on what the actual name is.
So let's start by saying pulp name is equal to an empty string and then we're going to add onto the
string or build up the string and then return it at the end.
So if the last letter of our name.
So it indexed negative 1 is equal to Y then that means I'm just going to remove that and then add in
I f u l.
So I won't say what name is equal to the name that you passed in all the way up to but not including
index negative 1.
And then I'm going to concatenate on I f u l then I will say.
Else That means it doesn't end in a Y.
So I just say put names equal to the name that's passed in concatenated with Y and then once I have
my puppy name in puppy Latin I'm just going to return it.
So I'll say H-1 your puppy Latin name is and then we're going to insert it with that format up name.
All right.
So that should be it.
Again there's lots of different ways you can work out this logic.
So if your logic is slightly different here but as long as getting the same result if it ends for y
you add i f u l and if it does and the full y you add on y you're OK.
Now let's say if name is equal to mean take her app and run it let's go and check.
So we'll say Python basic that PI looks like it's running.
So let's bring that up in our actual browser going to bring it down here.
So it says Good Puppy names slash name and see the result.
So let's do that.
I'll say puppy underscore name and then ingoing type in rufous.
Looks like my puppy name is Rufus C and then the next one we're going to say just go ahead and type
something that already ends in Y.
So Rufus C..
There we go.
Run it now.
Rufus Hafele looks so good for you but hopefully you get the idea just the idea that offends and fly
you replace that white with a fuel.
OK.
So that's all we need to be able to do.
Go ahead and check out the solutions if you need more clarity.
But if you have any questions always feel free to post the Q&A forms.
We'll see you at the next section.